Or do you know nothing at all?
He's deceiving us.
Didn't you say he was a good assistant?
Why don't you know anything?
Could it be that he is also pretending to be virtuous?
Guys, you misunderstood and checked
He was framed by Bai Fangyu
Bai Fangyu, I'll give Cha a chance to exercise
You can't be better than you because of it.
This Xiaoming Airport has been changed to be a dog, right?
Since you dare to cover up the manuscript because of jealousy
Your woman is too fake and poisonous
That is, you have to apologize to Chacha
Madam Quan, have you revised the cover-up draft?
Excuse me.
Please call me Miss Bai
In addition
Mr. Chen's PowerPoint has always been like this
I don't know what to do in advance now.
No, this master planner can't see the presentation
May I ask Mr. Chen?
Is Miss Tea really the main planner of this project?
Of course, it's just that some employees are extremely
Extreme Chacha is better than him
So I deliberately dug a hole for him
Then you can let your check explain ASAP.
Since he is the mastermind
Even if you don't understand PowerPoint
You should also know the specific content of the project
It's not that I don't tell you
It's because this investment was held specially for two wives
I don't want to mess around here because some people have quit their jobs
So I'll invite everyone to go to the spa later.
By the way, experience our company's new products
Ladies, I'll give you a massage myself
Oh, if someone wants to be cheeky
Why don't you make a foot wash arm to wash the feet of the guests?
I'm not like some people
I'm not interested in chopping it up and giving it to others as a coin
I won't go if Miss Bai doesn't go
I'm not going either
It seems that some people don't even have a chance to be handmaids